[Music]
hi friends today we are going to look at
the movie perfect proposal which was
released in korean in 2015
there is a cool twist at the end of this
movie
the film manages to capture the essence
of crime investigation and suspense so
friends those who have not yet
subscribed to our channel please
subscribe
click on the bell button next to it so
we can go to our video without wasting
any time the movie starts with a rich
city show at night casino party drinks
and so on are all being enjoyed our
heroine is running a small club in this
city and her name is jaiyon.jayon the
club was started by another person in
partnership
but without doing anything necessary for
this business this partner has been away
from our heroine for three months that's
why jaiyon is working so hard to take
this club alone
so now that all the drinks in the club
have been served she is meeting her
friend and talking
then the friend says to our heroine you
don't have to pay a lot of people i saw
a notice on the way that means an older
person needs a caretaker he is not an
ordinary person he is a good rich man he
has a lot of casinos here he is also a
very rich businessman if you are
interested you can attend the interview
when the friend said this our hero also
bought a poster and read it then the
friend says again but if there's a
problem with this job we'll have to do
everything right now as the businessman
says and if you're okay all that then
give it a try it was while they were
talking that she saw her partner who had
gone into hiding without seeing jai
young
if he is he goes straight to the men's
toilet our heroine went straight there
without looking at anything jaiyan says
he has been looking for him for three
months now then jai young goes to him
and says i've seen you for three months
where is the profit and money we got if
i were you there would be a lot of
people giving back cash right now please
give me all the cash you have on hand
then he says i went to the casino and
enjoyed the money and ran out of cash i
also lost a lot of cash by gambling if
you want i can go gambling again and
make cash having said that he leaves by
then a lot of gangsters had come looking
for him because he had to give them a
lot of cash they know that our giant and
he run that club together so they start
scaring our gian your partner has to pay
us a lot of money this club is run by
you and him so you have to pay the full
amount they frighten her and leave so
now our jaion has no other choice but to
go for the interview because she has a
job in that poster that her friend said
when we got there there was a guy who
said he sung there to interview our
heroine he asks her all the formal
questions and then asks are you with
your dad and mom now or alone
then she says there is no one with me i
am alone my mother died in an accident
when our heroine is asked why did you
choose this job now i have a lot of
financial problems and a lot of people i
have to pay for so i took this job he is
very impressed with this then he says
let me tell you the details of the
person who should be this caretaker
before you join the job his name is
kittman he is a millionaire
he has a lot of business and things as
well as owning a lot of casinos but
there is one thing that no one outside
knows that he is a terrible bad guy
that is he has a tendency to think that
what he thinks is right is also a person
who does not care what anyone says he
has no idea if the rest of us will do
anything negative about what he is doing
after hearing all this our heroine is
sitting there not knowing what to answer
then he says in the evening you should
come to my place and meet me there i can
tell you the details about me and i will
give you the perfect proposal for the
job you are going to do now if you come
and meet me at the place i tell you i
will give you a thousand dollars
now that the scene is over there our
hero is also talking to her dollar son
told me to meet him at a place later in
the evening and he told me that if i
just met him at that place he would give
me a thousand dollars
so when she says all this to that friend
that friend says just a thousand dollars
for attending an interview i would not
have thought of anything else at this
point if i had been anywhere and i would
definitely have joined it if i had
gotten a job like this
having said that there comes a scene cut
now our hero also arrives at the place
he said so they meet him and they both
start talking if you do not like the
details of the job i am going to tell
you now you can stop it right away he
said kim who is going to be your
caretaker has no family but he had an
affair with a lady who worked at his
house a few years ago and since then
they have had a child but since then kim
has cut off contact with them the child
they had that day was none other than
men told our heroine
after his death kim signed a number of
papers asking that all his property be
donated to charity
come to think of it this is all i can
get now if you have a mind we can save
all this from going to charity all you
have to do is try to impress kim with
something like you even if he marries
you after that all his properties will
come to you according to the rules after
your marriage i will kill him myself and
pretend that he died of old age then we
can share half of the properties that
are going to come in your name
then you can enjoy your life and move on
but jayon hears all this and says
angrily this is the worst proposal i
have ever heard in my life and i don't
even need this job she says then son
comes to her and says if you want to get
the money you want there is no other
option than this
our heroine gets angry when she hears
all this and leaves when she got home
the landlord came and said you have been
renting the house for a long time so
when is the rent he looked to abuse her
from there our heroine somehow escapes
and meets sung without any other way
when she comes and he says i knew you
would definitely come that's why i
waited for you the next morning son go
to the shopping mall with our heroine i
know what kim likes and dislikes if you
follow all that exactly you can impress
kim kim's wife died in an accident
several years ago it was then that he
had a wrong affair with my mother after
all this has happened he has never been
so close to anyone since i work like a
paw for him he tells kim a lot of things
telling her to do only what i tell her
to do
so when that scene is cut out there our
heroine is on kim's ship there are a lot
of people there who are cooks and
workers and they all come together and
welcome jay own
after a while kim arrives to talk to our
heroine who is confined to a wheelchair
because kim cannot walk when kim arrives
he tells our heroine you're my caretaker
but you're the first daytime so past and
now you have to do exactly what i say
then she says i used to be a caretaker
of a grandmother then he goes to them
and looks at them saying that they are
not well
not only that but i am going to join you
now so i don't need to look like
everyone else my name is jae jon you can
call me that or you can call my number
at any time i ll come and meet you right
away he said impressing our heroine kim
then the maid shows jai young the room
to stay our heroine is now totally happy
so after a while our heroine leaves the
ship and meets sung and talks i went in
front of him with the same hairstyle and
dress as you said and spoke as you said
i think he was impressed to hear me
speak she told sung
then sung says you did your job right
the first day i did not think you would
impress him so quickly i came to tell
you about another important thing in
front of kim you have to stand in a way
that you have no great interest in money
or things that are costly and then he
realizes that you are not like everyone
else
so the next morning our heroic goes and
sees kim and asks did you eat all the
sugar tablets and bp tablets you need
correctly then kim says i feel like
smoking now how many dollars do you need
for me to smoke just once
he points to a box there and says take
all the cash in it then she says i have
no interest in this money your health is
important to me so she performs then he
took a costly ruby and showed it to our
heroine and said take it if you like our
heroine picks it up and says i have no
interest in any of this
so everyone who works there at night
time also has a small party our hero and
son are dancing together so our son
liked the heroine it's like cinderella
not to see you dance with me like this
he says so while they are dancing the
heels of her shoes break and after that
the party is over and everyone goes to
work now the scene shows kim playing
chess with the captain on the ship the
waiter who works there brings all the
drinks we need for our kim then kim says
to the waiter when you bring drinks like
this don't add too much water to it i
have to bring it whole our heroine who
arrived at the place correctly saw them
playing chess and told the captain if
you make a movement like i say you will
definitely win this game
so our heroine tells the captain a trick
so the captain defeats the team and wins
the game seeing this kim gets angry and
starts to heat up next to our hero
then kim says if you have the courage
play with me if you're successful with
me i will give you whatever you ask for
do you have the courage to do that then
she says i will definitely win playing
with you and now you can cut my salary
this month even if i lose with that said
our heroine begins to play with the bet
so by the time the game is over our
heroine we'll have one at dot kim can't
accept that kim lost
because he has an ego he must be the
best of everything kim is the person who
wants everyone else to be under him he
now loses it and tells the heroine i
will do whatever you want and whatever
you say
then our heroine says i saw a piano in
your room can you give it to me kim is
suddenly terribly tense and he tells
everyone there you all go and look at
your work told to ask our hero is sung
dot sung things are going on there as
planned now after a while our heroine
goes and talks to the waiter what's on
that piano asks then the maid begins to
say i mean his wife and children all
died in an accident a few days ago he
only played the piano when he was with
his family he never played the piano
again after they all died the maid tells
the story behind our heroine that's when
she realizes why the piano itself asked
her to ask for a gift then the maid says
i just don't understand one thing i add
water to the drinks to keep kim's in
good health but he has somehow figured
out the subject and has no idea how it
is after a while we will understand how
he knows that water is added to such
drinks
after being cut there now our heroine is
worried that it was bad that she asked
for that piano she goes there thinking
that she should go and apologize for the
mistakes she made i now understand all
the tragedy that befell the family my
mom and dad died in a car accident like
this a few years ago so i can understand
your current plight that's what the
heroine is saying to kim but kim doesn't
even listen to it because kim is an ego
guy so he says don't make any such
sentimental promises to me get out of
here right now then our heroine speaks
to son didn't you tell me what's behind
that piano he he's very emotional
because i just asked it she says that
this one thing i did now went wrong to
be emotionally connected i knew in that
look that something was amiss so they
feel as if someone is coming to them
while they are talking then they go and
stand in a dark place then they both go
very close and go to kiss our sung
heroine but she quickly changes he is
now fishing in the kim ship on the same
morning a fish carves on kim's bait but
since it is a terrible weight kim is
reluctant to take it if kim tries like
this for a while longer kim will
definitely fall into the water the
heroine saw this and told a cleaning boy
to cut the rope and leave when she hears
that the boy cuts the rope and leaves
kim gets terribly angry with the
cleaning boy when he does this how dare
you do this for which you will surely be
punished he is told to eat all the food
that was left there to catch the fish
he has no choice but to eat it seeing
this our heroine gets angry she tells
kim you did the wrong thing right now
don't do that to anyone then kim says
this is my ship things will go as i say
i do not want to hear what you have to
say he takes all the food and throws it
at our hero's body then never see you
again in front of my eyes get out of
here so when we get to that ship city
our heroine says i can't continue this
job and leaves so she comes home and
remembers everything he said
that is she wonders if it's right or
wrong that she stopped working so after
a while some comes to her house
why did you leave the job in such a
hurry what a great plan we both made
together so our plan did not stop
halfway please go back to that job to
complete that plan he looks at her and
sings to calm her down but she says
nothing can bring me to work with
someone with such an ego then sung asks
what do you want to do with someone like
this then she says it is better to kill
such people than to live after the scene
is cut we see the captain on the ship
talking to our kim the last few days
have been as happy as you've been with
your family before i think it's because
jai young has been there was with your
wife after saying all this to kim the
captain leaves then kim realizes that
what he did was wrong and jai young did
it right
so kim goes to cj young i was wrong to
treat you like that day you should come
back to work on my ship i will double
your salary so when kim told her she
said i have no interest in working for
you on a big salary that being said kim
is looking to convince her as well then
kim says you're a terrible caregiver in
my health you stopped me when i went to
smoke all of this reminded me of my wife
i've met a lot of people in my life you
are so unique compared to the rest
having said that i was wondering if i
should marry you our heroine was waiting
for this one chance so she speaks and
agrees once the scene is cut there the
marriage party is put on his ship
everything that prepares him for that
party is our son he then asks him has
the casino i've been asking for a long
time hired someone else to handle it i
could have handled it myself then kim
says none of you handle it well there
was a servant who used to work with me i
entrusted it to them that being said it
speaks as if insulting some then sung
says why are you doing this my mother
trusted you so much and was talking
about you even when she was in bed at
the last moment feeling unwell yet you
do nothing for me after hearing this kim
says i don't need to talk emotionally
right now i'm always your boss you my
normal worker working under me so now
after that marriage function is all over
and now kim is talking to our heroine
kim tells her you became famous when you
married me most of the people on this
ship now call you cinderella now
everything on the tv news channel is
talking about our marriage why did you
say cinderella thinking about two lives
the first is to marry a prince and
choose a very costly life the second is
to live with his family which is always
suffering you have chosen the best of
the two choices
our heroine is listening to everything
kim says so after all this our heroine
meets without anyone knowing then he
says now things are going as we planned
and now we can take half of what we
thought would be over in a few days then
kim kisses our heroine so the next day
as usual when our heroine woke up she
went to kim and saw that kim was dead
without telling anyone else about it she
quickly calls sung then he says i did
not kill him i did not plan to kill him
so quickly i planned it at the right
time now we must see to it that no one
but the two of us know that he is dead
kim's properties he has done everything
to come in your name but it has not been
officially received when he dies earlier
everyone will know that there is
something unusual about it so we have to
put up with it until the paper is all
ready then he convinces our hero to
adjust something but she cannot accept
it then sung says once we do this one
thing correctly all the problems in both
of our lives will change
our heroine has now set kim in a
wheelchair as if he is alive somehow
going from the ship to their building
everyone there thought kim was well
drunk and unconscious so she brings kim
to his room in the building then the
servant who worked with him to meet kim
at the right time comes didn't kim tell
you about a servant before sung this is
the woman then our servant says if kim
comes from the ship like this he will
eat a lot of food so i made a lot of
food that he likes may i talk to him our
heroine does not know what to say he's
not feeling well now so he's not able to
eat in this condition and now that we're
both married i'm his wife so i would not
allow anyone to talk to him in this
situation so she tells the servant to
leave at this time son comes there at
that moment she asked sung where were
you did you deal with the property sung
says i've been looking at everything
it's already in a little while but
before that we have a little problem
everyone thought kim was alive if
someone adopts him after kim dies he
will know that he has not eaten anything
everyone knows he's already dead so i
have an idea i have brought a tube in it
you have to insert food inside him i can
come and meet you in a while anyway so
from there it goes some our heroine says
should i do this i'm terribly scared to
do all this. calms her down and gives
her courage and goes outside then the
servant speaks to him as sung and leaves
kim is there that newly married woman i
have some doubts about her she does not
allow me to talk as kim did you meet kim
too sung says i met him he is resting
because he is not feeling well it is
better not to be seen in a situation do
you remember all the problems you went
to and saw while sleeping like this that
day so all told sung scared her when he
heard that the servant stopped talking
about kim now that scene is cut then
someone knocks on the door while our
heroine is sitting next to kim when she
went in it was the police the police
come and check on kim then they realize
that kim is dead then the police see all
the tube given to her to insert food so
the police take her away without even
doing a question and saying that she is
the one who committed the murder
police then questioned all the workers
who were on the ship with kim then they
say everything is our heroine that means
she was the one who carried kim in a
wheelchair none of us were even allowed
to go near kim once there is a scene cut
when the body was adopted they found out
that he had died a day before he reached
the city
why did he convince everyone that he was
alive why is he doing all this the
police are asking then our heroine says
i did not kill kim but after his death
sung and i thought we could share his
properties so you call sung and ask a
question but when sung is called in for
questioning sung says i have nothing to
do with what they say in a case like
this there's a big punishment in it with
all this in mind our heroine falls head
over heels right there so she was
admitted to a hospital then son came to
her and started talking then sung says
it was all my plan after kim dies all of
kim's properties will go to charity
that's why i appointed you as kim's wife
now then half of it will be passed on to
you but think about it why do i give you
the property i am entitled to that's why
i finally made you a murderer now now
that you've gone to jail as a criminal
you can put the rest of the property in
my name when i came home and met you did
you say that i had recorded that such
people should be killed now i'm going to
give it to the police
after saying that he goes and gives all
the evidence to the police so that case
becomes very strong thus all the
evidence was received so kim's servant
comes to see her while she is in jail
saying that it was our heroine who
killed kim
then the heroine says i have nothing to
do with kim's death you believe me
even though she said that the servant
did not believe her so when it's time to
go to the servant our heroine says one
thing it simply came to my notice then
kim would occasionally call me
cinderella similarly we have two choices
in life the first is to live a very rich
lifestyle happy and the second is to
live a very hard and unhappy life
i cannot go to jail for the wrong i did
our kim had already told our heroine a
few years ago about this servant when
they hear that they realize that there
is nothing wrong with our heroine then
the heroine says i want to come to kim's
funeral now if there's any evidence i
can prove i'm not a murderer she says
only help me with this one thing so our
heroine goes to the funeral party she's
looking to get something out of there
that can prove she did not do anything
wrong
then there was a waiter working on the
ship and he starts talking to our hero i
believed you well but i never dreamed
you would kill kim how did you feel like
doing all
kim trusted you so much when i looked at
the kim tab it was mostly your photos
that said it shows those photos kim has
a dog and i don't know what to do with
it so after all the ceremonies the
cleaning boy on the ship comes and talks
to us
i mean i'm going to find a lot of
evidence after searching the ship i have
a lot of doubts he tells some
but the one who killed kim is our son so
it would not be right to leave this
cleaning boy like this when he finds out
he takes him to his car and kills him in
the car he is then taken to a forest
there and his body is dumped with no
evidence to prove our innocence she has
no choice but to flee but she is caught
by the police so the police arrest her
and take her away then while sitting in
the car and looking at all the photos
given to her by the waiter she realizes
something that is the photo of her on
the ship was taken by someone without
her even knowing it
looking at the angle she has in the
photo it looks like someone took her
from a cctv camera but she does not know
where that cctv camera was then when she
thinks about it she suddenly remembers
something if he had a dog it would
probably fit around his neck kim the
camera fitted the dog's neck without
anyone knowing that's why kim invented
mixing water into wider drinks at the
start of the movie he also knows what
people around him are doing with this
cctv camera but our heroine and son did
not even meet her kiss on that cctv
because the two met after everyone went
to bed at night time then the camera
around the dog's neck must be handed
over to the police somehow but then she
realized that she could find out who was
at the scene of kim's murder and who
committed the murder then at the same
time when they saw our heroine looking
at the tab the police bought the tab
from them
after that they are trying to somehow
escape from inside the car the police to
prevent it so the total distraction and
the vehicle goes into an accident our
heroine somehow manages to escape the
accident then she picks up a car next to
her so as she gets in the car she calls
the waiter i just escaped from the
police isn't that dog with you now come
with it to kim's ship after saying that
the waiter and her boyfriend come to the
ship at the same time i remember what
the cleaning boy said to some that is if
you check the whole ship you will find
some evidence so the evidence comes to
the ship to destroy everything there
now first wider and her boyfriend pick
up the dog and come over then comes some
as soon as they see some they both try
to escape from there then the waiter's
boyfriend is sung and beaten terribly
our heroine gets there just in time to
pick up the white dog and run outside he
picks up the dog from the weight and
pulls out the camera around the dog's
neck
seeing the heroine and singing she
begins to strangle him but during the
correct the waiter comes and picks up a
heavy object and hits sung on the head
his consciousness goes away there he
gives the camera he got from the dog to
the police after watching the video
recording they realized that it was some
that killed kim police arrest sung and
put him in jail it was also realized
that our heroine had nothing to do with
the murder that took place now kim's
properties are all over our hero now our
heroine is going to maintain all the
properties she goes to jail to csun and
then talks to him did you just kill kim
for money or is there something else
behind it so when the heroine asks sung
says i mean a few years ago when i was a
little boy my mother was sick and she
was fighting for her life she needed a
lot of money for her treatment i sent a
letter to kim about everything on this
subject after reading that letter kim
sent me a letter it read i cannot help
you don't bother me anymore he said so
sung to our heroine when the heroine
walks back after hearing all this song
tells her one thing i got all these
properties you are experiencing now
because of me you must never forget this
one thing tells her she turned around
and laughed and left the reason for that
is that if sung had not committed the
murder our heroine herself would have
killed him she managed to do this with
sung as she thought the camera around
kim's dog's neck helped arrest some